README.md, before:

# Ryota Inagaki's fork of SPISEA Internal Release of Fall 2020 code
Note that the work here is in progress and that there will be more contributions and changes to the code heading into spring 2021.
For documentation (in progress and will be in LaTex form soon) for Fall 2020 Internal Release:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p6FabRT29atZ1DXsyIxF29IeTrWXjSVIXF2e7LzlxSk/edit?usp=sharing

For Write up (in progress) for Fall 2020 Internal Release:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QxyOt4Ojv6h0dVD9XzmmzfrJzHYaYQM6gwicPISwjt4/edit?usp=sharing

For the in-development Spring 2021 version, please consult the dev branch.
# SPISEA: Stellar Population Interface for Stellar Evolution and Atmospheres

SPISEA is an python package that generates single-age, single-metallicity
populations (i.e. star clusters). It gives the user control over many parameters:

* Cluster characteristics (age, metallicity, mass, distance)
* Total extinction, differential extinction, and extinction law
* Stellar evolution and atmosphere models
* Stellar multiplicity and Initial Mass Function
* Initial-Final Mass Relation
* Photometric filters

Here is a brief list of things that SPISEA can do:

* make a cluster isochrone in many filters using different stellar models
* make a star cluster at any age with an unusual IMF and unresolved multiplicity
* make a spectrum of a star cluster in integrated light

See [documentation](https://spisea.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) for
details on installing and running SPISEA. We also provide jupyter notebooks with a 
[quick-start tutorial](https://github.com/astropy/SPISEA/blob/main/docs/Quick_Start_Make_Cluster.ipynb)
and [additional examples](https://github.com/astropy/SPISEA/tree/main/docs/paper_examples)
demonstrating how to use SPISEA.

If you use SPISEA in your research, please cite [Hosek et al. (2020)](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2020arXiv200606691H/abstract).

## Version Update
Version 1 of this software package was called PyPopStar. Due to a naming conflict,
we have renamed the package of SPISEA for version 2 and beyond.
For reference, v2.0.0 has the same functionality as v1.0.1.

Instructions for updating from version 1 to version 2 are provided in
the documentation [here](https://spisea.readthedocs.io/en/latest/version_switch.html#version).

## Contributions
We encourage contributions to SPISEA, particularly those that add
support for star formation histories, new models, higher spectral
resolution, etc. For feature additions, we ask that users make their
own fork of the repository, make their changes, and then submit a pull
request to the "dev" branch.

All contributions will be acknowledged on the
[contributors page](https://spisea.readthedocs.io/en/dev/contributors.html#contributors). Contributors
with features used in code releases will be co-authors in future SPISEA software papers.

## License
This project is Copyright (c) Matthew Hosek Jr., Jessica Lu, Casey
Lam, Abhimat Gautam, Kelly Lockhart, Dongwon Kim, and Siyao Jia and licensed under
the terms of the GNU GPL v3+ license. This package is based upon
the [Astropy package template](https://github.com/astropy/package-template)
which is licensed under the BSD 3-clause license. See the licenses folder for
more information. This program is distributed in the hope that it will
be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.

Commit message:

Additions with regards to status of Fall 2020.

README.md, after:

# Ryota Inagaki's fork of SPISEA Internal Release of Fall 2020 code
This is my internal release of SPISEA with binary star systems to the Moving Universe Lab for the Fall 2020 semester. Note that the work here is in progress and that there will be more contributions and changes to the code heading into spring 2021.
For documentation (in progress) for Fall 2020 Internal Release:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1p6FabRT29atZ1DXsyIxF29IeTrWXjSVIXF2e7LzlxSk/edit?usp=sharing

For Write up (in progress and will soon be in LaTex form) for Fall 2020 Internal Release:
https://docs.google.com/document/d/1QxyOt4Ojv6h0dVD9XzmmzfrJzHYaYQM6gwicPISwjt4/edit?usp=sharing

For the in-development Spring 2021 version, please consult the dev branch.
# SPISEA: Stellar Population Interface for Stellar Evolution and Atmospheres

SPISEA is an python package that generates single-age, single-metallicity
populations (i.e. star clusters). It gives the user control over many parameters:

* Cluster characteristics (age, metallicity, mass, distance)
* Total extinction, differential extinction, and extinction law
* Stellar evolution and atmosphere models
* Stellar multiplicity and Initial Mass Function
* Initial-Final Mass Relation
* Photometric filters

Here is a brief list of things that SPISEA can do:

* make a cluster isochrone in many filters using different stellar models
* make a star cluster at any age with an unusual IMF and unresolved multiplicity
* make a spectrum of a star cluster in integrated light

See [documentation](https://spisea.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) for
details on installing and running SPISEA. We also provide jupyter notebooks with a 
[quick-start tutorial](https://github.com/astropy/SPISEA/blob/main/docs/Quick_Start_Make_Cluster.ipynb)
and [additional examples](https://github.com/astropy/SPISEA/tree/main/docs/paper_examples)
demonstrating how to use SPISEA.

If you use SPISEA in your research, please cite [Hosek et al. (2020)](https://ui.adsabs.harvard.edu/abs/2020arXiv200606691H/abstract).

## Version Update
Version 1 of this software package was called PyPopStar. Due to a naming conflict,
we have renamed the package of SPISEA for version 2 and beyond.
For reference, v2.0.0 has the same functionality as v1.0.1.

Instructions for updating from version 1 to version 2 are provided in
the documentation [here](https://spisea.readthedocs.io/en/latest/version_switch.html#version).

## Contributions
We encourage contributions to SPISEA, particularly those that add
support for star formation histories, new models, higher spectral
resolution, etc. For feature additions, we ask that users make their
own fork of the repository, make their changes, and then submit a pull
request to the "dev" branch.

All contributions will be acknowledged on the
[contributors page](https://spisea.readthedocs.io/en/dev/contributors.html#contributors). Contributors
with features used in code releases will be co-authors in future SPISEA software papers.

## License
This project is Copyright (c) Matthew Hosek Jr., Jessica Lu, Casey
Lam, Abhimat Gautam, Kelly Lockhart, Dongwon Kim, and Siyao Jia and licensed under
the terms of the GNU GPL v3+ license. This package is based upon
the [Astropy package template](https://github.com/astropy/package-template)
which is licensed under the BSD 3-clause license. See the licenses folder for
more information. This program is distributed in the hope that it will
be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY;
without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.
